Update Mesh docs to 3.11 (#1766)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/mesh/deploy-kong-mesh-using-terraform-and-konnect.md

  - text: "Terraform provider (Beta)"
    url: https://registry.terraform.io/providers/kong/konnect-beta/latest
  - text: "MeshTrafficPermission"
    url: /mesh/policies/meshtrafficpermission/
---

### Requirements

- [Personal access token page](https://cloud.konghq.com/global/account/tokens) in {{site.konnect_short_name}}.
- [terraform](https://www.terraform.io/) (tested on `1.11.2`)
- [k3d](https://k3d.io/stable/#installation) (tested on k3d `v5.8.1`, k3s `v1.31.4-k3s1`)

### Terraform variables

This guide allows you to customise the access token and region used by your manifests.

Create a `variables.tf` file with the following contents:

```hcl
variable "konnect_personal_access_token" {
    type    = string
}

variable "region" {
    type    = string
}
```

These variables can be provided at runtime, or set using environment variables. Set the following environment variables, replacing `kpat_...` with your {{ site.konnect_short_name }} access token:

```bash
export TF_VAR_konnect_personal_access_token="kpat_..." # or "spat_..."
export TF_VAR_region="us"
```

### Provider Configuration

This guide uses the `konnect` and `konnect-beta` Terraform providers.

> The `konnect` provider is the [General Availability](/mesh/{{page.release}}/availability-stages/#general-availability) version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `konnect` provider is the [General Availability](/stages-of-software-availability/#general-availability) version.
```

Features initially available in the beta version (`konnect-beta`) will move to the GA version (`konnect`) once they are stable and fully tested.

> There is a [beta version](/availability-stages/#beta) of the provider called `konnect-beta` that has the latest features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a [beta version](/stages-of-software-availability/#beta) of the provider called `konnect-beta` that has the latest features.
```
